40% of the US population are using AI.
We've never seen this. 80% of code is
getting written by AI. Now for large
companies that have large legacy data
code bases, it's a little harder. But
like you all are seeing that a lot of
the coding is written by AI. And what's
happening now in product development is
what matters most is synthesis and
prototyping. As a founder, how well do
you understand the problem and the pain
that your user has and the job to be
done they want solved? How quickly can
you synthesize, prototype, and iterate
on that?
>> Hey everybody, it's Saster. Connect
data, automate busy work, and empower
teams like nobody's business with the
one platform [music] that grows with you
every step of the way. Learn how
Salesforce works for startups at
salesforce.com/smv. [music]
That's salesforce.com/smv.
Hey everybody at Saster. Finn is the
number one AI agent for resolving
complex queries like refunds,
transaction disputes, and technical
troubleshooting, all with speed and
reliability. See [music] how Finn can
deliver the highest resolution rates and
highest quality customer experience at
finn.ai/saster.
[music] That's f.ai/saster.
Hey everybody, get excited. Saster AI
London is this December, December 1st
and 2nd, and we're on track to
completely sell out with the playbooks
for AI and B2B. Join 2,000 plus BI and
AI leaders for 2 days. 2 days of
practical advice on scaling in the new
year. We'll have speakers [music] flying
in from OpenAI, Whiz, Clay, Intercom,
Finn, and all your favorite B2B [music]
companies, including yours truly with
Harry Stebings and War doing our live
20c podcast. It'll be fun all in the
heart of London. [music] Don't miss out.
Get your tickets. And you can still go
go to podcast.sasterlondon.com.
That's podcast.sasterlondon.com [music]
for a special discount just for you.
[music] Thank you for coming. So, uh,
we're talking about the change economy.
So, just quickly, who's this guy?
I'm a partner at Bonfire Ventures. We
got about a billion under management.
Uh, we write3 to4 million checks at the
seed stage. traditional siege stage call
companies have half million to million
of revenue. Think about it your big
institutional round before you'd go and
raise a series A.
All we do is application software. Now
one could ask as we ask ourselves what
is application software in this age. Um
if you think about how much has been
commoditized in the platform stack in
2003 when I was working at
salesforce.com we took 60 cents of every
dollar that we collected from customers
and we bought servers and put them in
our own data centers. So that was it was
the first beginning of sort of the
commoditization of the cloud at the
lowest level before AWS and GCP and
basically so much of the tech stack is
being commoditized as a service
especially inference and reasoning which
gets interesting.
I'm the board of some companies, angel
investor. Uh, and before that
was an early employee 70 at
salesforce.com, built out go to market,
built product, launched the app exchange
and a lot of their platform there. Um,
and then I ran a pre-revenue startup
because I felt like it was a fraud, only
working for two billionaires that had
worked for Larry Ellison.
It was really hard, which brings a lot
of empathy. The company's now at 100
million in revenue, but there were
offsets of tears cuz I was in there
running a playbook, an innovator's
dilemma playbook that had used the sale
of sales and marketing to sell to HR
people. And this is our firm. We just
raised a $250 million seed fund, which I
wish somebody had told me the economics
of venture capital before I got into it,
but a $250 million seed fund means he
returned 10 billion
net exit value for the for the LPs to
get three times net. And when I got out
of college, companies went public at 20
million in revenue. I don't know if
going public is a thing anymore, but you
know, for those that are investors in
funds, TV TVPI is interesting. DPI is
really interesting because you're
talking about 10 to 15 year. And I say
different with Bonfire is um I don't
know if it's the right model. We go deep
with founders because this is hard.
Most of my VC peers don't. They seem to
be skiing or having a good time. They're
doing something right. But like when our
founders struggle, we kind of like we
feel the pain as well. But that's
bonfire. Um and so I've been writing
over the last year uh following chat GPT
uh in its earliest incarnations and
really thinking about how much so much
of software is fundamentally changing
and are people recognizing all the
changes. And what this presentation is
really about is
[snorts] we'll get to like how do you
differentiate as founders but what
happens if product innovation is 10
times faster than ever right s when it
first started you know when Jason was
doing this thing it was the first
vestages of on premise companies in
existing category there was a first
winner in a SAS version of it but all
these companies were the same where they
would have a dream force or whatever a
workday force or whatever, once a year,
somebody would be coming and be like,
"Look at our amazing product changes."
And the way in which we run these
companies full throttle across the
entire organization. If we think about
all the blogs that you read and all the
about here's how to go do this,
it's all predicated in a world where
your product kind of changes once a
year. But what happens if your product
changes every 30 days, which oh, by the
way, if you're a founder in this room,
your product has to change every 30
days. But what does that mean?
No one has ever seen this pace of
change. If you're sitting here as a
founder thinking about differentiation
and speed etc. We have never ever seen
this pace of change in technology. I'm
55 years old. My first job I got into
business school because I was Jimmy
Neutron company had deck vex green
screens and I was the first person to
buy a PC back and I built a custom
database on the old people in the room
like Access Visual Basic and Fox Pro
where I built a CRM system for sales
forecasting. There was no email. I
carved off a regional manager's hard
drive on something called an IDO drive.
I FedExed it to them. They updated. They
brought it back and that was the
forecast and that was amazing
innovation.
40% of the US population are using AI.
We've never seen this. And the weirdest
the weirdest jump in AI and OpenAI's
business over the last two months is
because they allowed you to do Studio
Giblly versions of yourself. Like
literally, if you look, they doubled
their user count because people are
really excited about doing Studio Giblly
versions, which is great. I love my
neighbor Todoro, but I didn't know that
that was what was going to drive it. Um,
for 80% of code is getting written by
AI. Now, for large companies that have
large legacy data code bases, it's a
little harder, but like you all are
seeing that a lot of the coding is
written by AI. And what's happening now
in product development is what matters
most is synthesis and prototyping. As a
founder, how well do you understand the
problem and the pain that your user has
and the job to be done they want solved?
How quickly can you synthesize,
prototype and iterate on that?
The other really interesting thing is
agentic solutions fundamentally change
this thing. For 30 years, I've had some
degree of success, but all the software
I've associated is garbage
because they're crud databases that
somebody logs into, enters information,
somebody else has a report that measures
their performance. But in doing their
job and whatever they have to go do, it
doesn't help you do your job. It just
doesn't.
And it got worse in the cloud with REST
APIs. When I was at Sevil Systems, a
sales rep would use one piece of shitty
software. Now with REST APIs, they use
12 pieces of software. And we don't
understand why the hell they can't hit
their number when they're alt tabbing
through 11 pieces of software.
MCP, if you don't haven't dug into it,
is gamechanging.
It is destroying
historic walled gardens from an
integration perspective. Right? If
you're building an agentic solution,
you're trying to think through, hey,
what's the metadata I have in my
database? What problem I'm solving?
Because then at least from a an AI UX, I
have context over this. But actually
with MCP, your agent can actually talk
to another agent for your user and have
context for that. That's great, but it
also means that somebody else's solution
could talk to you yours. So, it's a
prisoners, it's a prisoners's dilemma,
but
but every week, every month is an
opportunity for delivering stepfold
innovation. Now
what's really interesting even at the
seed stage when we historically as a
seed stage investor somebody comes they
have a product I got a team of five
people I've got two devs look at this
wedge product I have but if you give me
money and then I get to my A and my B
I'm going to build this amazing product
okay the reality is with not a lot of
money you can build products and I think
you know what WTF stands for what it
basically means you walk into a customer
who's using all this shitty software and
all their legacy systems and they see
your product and they go what the that
can't work those are now possible and if
you build that which I say you have to
if your product doesn't make people go
that can't work keep trying because
that's the bar for winning right now and
because this because these products
basically have reduced the friction if
you think about most SAS playbooks if
you gone to SAS like 3 years ago be like
How to build a successful account
management expansion and C CSM team in
enterprise, how to insert SC and have a
value selling team. And I've got a piece
of software that's going to help you
build a business case that somebody's
going to buy into, etc. And you had to
raise all this money for venture
capitalist. We had this burn rate and
this magic number because you had to buy
all you had and as a founder, you're
like, "Okay, raise the money. Okay, I
figured it out. I'm ready to scale. I
was kind of lying to you." and you go
hire like 20 sales expensive people and
you hope it pays off and you're like,
"Oh I didn't have any pipeline for
them." Oh, well, I'll get some STRs to
dial or email. Oh, that's not working.
Why is that not working? Because you
took a 22-y old Laxpro and made them
automate outbound emails and nobody
responded to that. So if you think about
as a founder, so much of running a
software in the last 10 years sucks
because you have to have all these
explainers in your business to your
prospect why my product is going to help
you solve your problem. How it's
differentiated. Oh, I use Clay with
Octave and this is a better message and
then I get in and here's the product and
then you have a rep and then you bring
in SE and then and then I have a CSM
that's going to onboard which was always
ridiculous with onboarding even in SAS
like your product's innovating you want
to expand but we're just going to have
some poor CSM they're looking at a cost
center that somehow is going to hold up
your customer like all of this is
because when you delivered the product
it didn't deliver value a customer would
have to use your product and then go do
their job but You have a product now
with a what the interface they look
at and they realize in their head, oh my
god, this is going to immediately help
me do this job that I need or do the
jobs of these people I don't need. You
don't need all these explainers. What is
there to explain? What is there an AE
who brains donut who doesn't understand
the product? The conversation is very
quickly. Hey, Mr. Customer, you know,
people like you tend to have these
problems and these jobs are doing and
they suck. Yeah, let me show you how
this does this. like you don't need all
you know I'm [clears throat] the king of
sales methodology at Salesforce in 2003
I rolled out whatever the version of
medic and value selling and you had to
go do it and you had to do deals are one
at discovery and all that crap like the
simplification in you running your
business and the purity of running your
business if you have this kind of
product as a founder it makes somebody
like me want to stop being a VC and go
back into the game because I had to do
it the hard way. Um,
and the ability to close deals in a few
calls for six figures is something I
have never seen. I have founders that
have 10 people in their company. They
walk to a customer, they show the
product, and the customer goes, "Hey,
wait a minute. That's amazing. How much
does it cost?" $250,000.
Oh. They go, "Okay, I want to go through
this entire evaluation process." Now, I
don't recommend this unless you're very
bounded who you talk to and you know
that you can solve this problem. It's
not okay. you just make your engineers
work 24 hours a day because you commit
to anything.
The 3month out, which was a no no. We
would never do a three-month out. I'm
not paying commission on an out. That's
not recurring revenue. But the
three-month out, if you get them in and
the users are in and you figure out
onboarding is probably the most
important part of what's changed in the
SAS playbook. You've just skipped three
months of a sales process that people
injected the back end of a sales process
to handle risk. I don't know if this is
going to work. How do I validate? Who
can I talk to, etc.
This is what's happening right now. Now,
you got to make sure it's your product
works and it's not VIB revenue. So, as a
founder,
while it's incredibly chaotic and oh my
god, it's around the clock, it is if you
have a product that's a what the
product that fundamentally solves
a core set of jobs to done for people
that they resonate to, it is a great
time to be a founder. You can tap brand
new markets that you could never target
before. There's an entire class of an
SMB sector across many verticals that
don't use software, don't want to use
software, just want to get their job
done. You can't do paid search because
they wouldn't even be looking for
software. We have businesses that target
one to five plumbers, contractors, etc.
The team goes outbound with an agentic
solution. They're adding a million and a
half a month and their magic number is
like
1.5 and their cash burns like 0.5
because the product does the work for
the end users who don't want to. If you
really think about agentic software,
what are we talking about? Reduce as
much software as possible that the user
has to interact with just to get their
job done. The ability to expand and
become I know you're like Parker Conrad.
I'm following the Parker Conrad compound
startup model. Okay. Historically in
SAS, if you went to your venture
capitalist like, I'm doing product A and
they're interested in product B, you
would be like, listen here, Sunny, you
got to stick to your knitting. You need
to dominate this one sector right now.
You don't want to spread out your R&D
team and get too distracted. And then
maybe when your series B and C, we'll go
after product two. And in fact, Clayton
Christian's Innovators Dilemma is all
about how you move from product A to
product two.
The reality is there you're not building
screens. If you have the metadata and
your agentic interface understands the
context,
you can do it in a month. And what's
really interesting because customers
don't want to use multiple agents. A
salesperson, an individual functional
role does not want to use seven agents.
No sales rep wanted to use 11 solutions.
Just like on your phone sometimes
somebody, you know, you get texts, they
work, but your weird friends on Android,
it doesn't work with text. So they send
you a WhatsApp and then your Facebook
and what the Just set just give me
a unified feed. That's what they want.
And so if you are successful, your
customers are going to come to you and
go, hey, can you do this? Hey, can you
do this? And you're like, I don't know.
Let me try. Which sounds crazy. Now
don't do what a lot of startups do is
dev actually does it. Doesn't tell
success or sales and marketing releases
it to the customer. The customer's like,
it's great. What does it cost? You're
like, I'm not a pricing and packaging
person, but you can do this.
You can build more capital efficient
businesses.
And the last one is interesting, right?
You can push your team to go super hard.
The weird thing happened in the last 10
years of startups where you thought you
could leave a large company, make the
same money at a startup, and get all the
perks and have work life balance. That's
a joke. Startups are war. You know, it's
why at Salesforce I gave new managers
and hires two books, Sunzu, the art of
war and drive. And you could talk about
work life balance, but we know we're
trying to do is hire people that make
horrible work life balance decisions.
And they can't imagine not, you know,
spending more time making your work. And
you can do this. You don't want to be a
complete ass, but like you the
expectation is we're going to go hard.
You're going to be in the office. We're
gonna iterate because the iteration
loops are so fast in this new era. It's
just not going to work otherwise.
Now, what is differentiation?
Now, are there technical modes?
Were there technical modes in regular
old SAS?
I guess in a world in which you're
building a lot of screens there are
technical modes because you needed
capital to build all these screens and
have all these devs. You could say you
have a broader product that no one knew
how to use. But like really did you have
technical modes?
And the hardest thing as a an investor
is we're raising this $250 million fund
and I published an article that said 75%
of all application software companies
that you see today are going to
disappear and 50% of all application
software categories are going to
disappear.
And then our investors like well why are
we going to give you $250 million? Oh,
we'll figure out the right ones. We'll
see. So
you don't need large team of devs to
outcode others.
stop investing at the inflayer. Like the
people that were investing at the
inflayer in the last year like you two
years ago like oh it's just a rapper
we're building core things at the at the
inflayer to make the rapper better and
then you know clawed and perplexity and
and then uh open just built that like
don't do that. Um MCP is something
really to study at it is a printer's
dilemma but it's absolutely the way it's
going. Now what I will say
is that I do believe metadata matters.
Like if you don't have enough metadata
around the problem you're solving such
that the context your agent provides to
solve a job is more interesting than
what somebody could just do with an
internal set of tooling. Use glean or
you know anthropics partnership with
data bricks you're done. So I think
metadata is interesting
proprietary data.
I think if you're in a vertical where
you have enough specific data, enough
customers that you actually inject good
oldfashioned ML, good oldfashioned AI,
witch edited AI such that what you
recommend, especially if you're
recommending math, if there's math
involved, I think it could work. And the
last one is interesting. The second R,
what's the second R in error? Anybody
want to say what's the second R?
recurring. Hey Bobby,
the second R can no longer be taken for
granted. I mean, it shouldn't have never
been taken for granted, right? We saw
companies, all the sales tech tools that
went from 175% NR to 70% GRR in a year.
We shouldn't have taken this all for
granted, but like like what are you
going to do? And so what I will say when
we look at startups
is that
this is what trumps everything. company
raised money yesterday. I think Jason
said it's one of the best teams he's
ever said. When somebody went to look at
an owner.com, they went, "We're going to
build a better restaurant tech software
for restaurants." And probably were
like, "What?
That sounds hard." But if you go look at
the team that they assembled and the way
that they execute, they brought an A+
team and an agentic sort of operational
way to crush. I think they raised it one
or$1.2 billion yesterday. But what has
always been true honestly for the
winners
in on premise and SAS and now AI SAS
we'll call it is
do you have a unique insight that you
can get the best talent to in iterate
the fastest on than others or you don't
that's your differentiator especially at
the application layer
and so you have to have a unique insight
to a problem and you need to sit in that
problem better than somebody else. Uh I
call it 12 by six, right? Was that 12
hours a day, 6 days a week? I somebody,
you know, people need to rest on
Saturday or Sunday.
You have to outd deliver the jobs to be
done for your customer faster than
someone else.
Context focus is king. Vertical as a
founder is five times easier to go do
than horizontal.
It's very hard to win in the horizontal
space.
You need to be an unbelievable marketer.
You need to have outsized market energy
to win that battle.
And I think what is true in SAS and it
is true now is I've always said that I
think the only long-term differentiation
is customer love. It's really at the
application which mode is you need to
turn that into a movement.
Now it requires new operating motions,
right? This is not
this is not, you know, this is not 80%
of the playbooks that have written over
the last 10 years. Just take those and
chuck them. Which is, you know, Bobby
and I would sit down and say, "Okay,
what are we doing for Dreamforce? We got
to have a big announcement at
Dreamforce. We're changing the industry.
There's a crack in the ground. The world
has changed. Here's our new software."
And then we'd all organize around this.
Now, what we would launch wasn't
actually GA. We had a rule. They're
like, "At least it was GA in the next 6
months we can announce it." But most
companies think about once a year.
If you're delivering innovation every
month, now what? If we're honest
ourselves, most companies suck and go to
market explaining across their team what
is it we do for who that they give a
about better than somebody else.
Like that sits in some deck and some
PowerPoint deck that maybe somebody put
in like Seismic that know it can go
fine. But
if you do this every month, now what? I
was sitting with a one of our AI native
companies that's off to the races. Went
from zero to 20 million in 18 months and
I'm in their Slack feed and dev is just
relationship like
like every seven days. Customer success
like is this live? Marketing is like
have we told anybody about this? Does
this work? What's alpha? What's beta?
What the hell is GA mean anymore? It's
complete chaos. And I try to remind them
that like
just because you can ship quickly
doesn't mean it's a good thing. Because
if you ship something like if if a tree
falls in the forest and no one's there
and they don't understand and they don't
see it, do the tree actually fall, which
is humans could only absorb so much rate
of change.
And so
orgs are fundamentally rethinking
how they run their business. the world
in which I had product and design and
dev and QA where we thought that dev and
QA resources were expensive so that
product and design would have infinite
time to come up with the perfect PRDS
and MRDs so we wouldn't waste you know
dev's times and dev would spend a lot of
time trying to figure out t-shirt sizes
because that somehow made us better
because that's what Jira said those days
are over
these orgs are getting munched together
and I'd say our Most leading edge
companies like design and product is
just building prototypes. There's no
doc. They're just handing prototypes to
dev success or support that we moved out
of dev normally is back in dev because
the iteration loops to hear from support
getting over to dev to figure out what's
working and not working. Especially
using AI like there's stuff you do today
kind of doesn't work and then like in
three weeks it does work comes back in.
And so what we're seeing is much smaller
senior dev teams with more autonomy.
Product has to use AI. The really good
thing, what is AI really good at?
Synthesizing stuff, right? So like if if
your product teams aren't leveraging AI
to figure out like what the hell is
going on from a research perspective and
what we go do,
you should rethink. You need time for
spike periods because there's stuff that
people ask you to do. Like in the old
world last 10 years, nobody ever from a
product side put an MRD together asking
themselves, can my dev team build this?
They would look okay, of our dev team,
do I front end and back end and skill
set, etc. But no one was coming up like
here's a use case that I don't know if
it's ever been done before. That was
never done. It was in a known world. It
was just a matter of did I have the
resource and prioritize. There's stuff
that customers are asking you to do, you
actually don't know if you can do. So
you got to leave time for spikes.
Now, you can't have chaos. I don't care
what you call it, but in your
organization, at least understand what
you're calling GA,
alpha or beta, and what your release
frequency is. Whatever the definition
is, fine, right? But at least define it
or there certain stages, but you can't
just have stuff being shipped at
different versions, etc. Even though in
the early, we're in this weird period
for the last year where customers are
okay with half-finish software. they get
inside with you, they're kind of
interested in working with you, etc.
Like those days are going to end. What I
will say is very interesting having run
product at Salesforce, which was we'd
always say our customers are shitty
product managers. They don't know how to
build software. They can tell us their
pains and you know, you'd get all these
long list of feature requests that you
have and you'd look at it like oh like
some bad episode of a few good men like
they can't handle the truth. They're not
product managers and you'd prior oh you
don't really need that. You don't really
need that. What is interesting now in a
world which you're not building screens
but you're solving problems as long your
smarter customers at least they're
actually very good product managers.
They're giving you use cases or pain
points that they want you to solve for
which at the purest abstraction if
you're building an agentic solution is
what you're building.
This is a big one.
Most software companies are horrible at
this, right? They're just terrible at
product marketing and messaging. And the
weird thing is if they're terrible at
product marketing and messaging, the go
to market team is is inconsistent. And
what has always been true in software
and is true today is if you can't
explain to a buyer why they should
consider looking at you, why this, why
you do it better than somebody else, and
why they need to do it now, good luck
building repeatable sales process that
works. And so we've talked about jobs to
be done as a product management
construct. Oh, as a product manager,
I've understood my users and I don't
want to just build like screens and
tabs. I have a job to be done. So I
build a steel thread. I think it's an
interesting framework to think about
across your company. Sales people were
never talking about jobs to be done.
Market is not talking about jobs to be
done. But in the end, this is what this
is. What job is important to you that
you would like us to do? Can we do it
better, etc. And then the question is is
how do you iterate it? And I have some
companies where I make them take a day
off each month. If the release cycle is
monthly, we take a day off and we
refresh. Now, if there's no adjustment
to that messaging, what is it we do for
you that you actually give a shot better
than somebody else? Then whatever, we
don't tell anybody about it. It doesn't
matter. Like, it either hits that bar or
not.
What I will say is you need to invest
disproportionately in product marketing
talent.
Most software companies product
marketizations are horrible.
We don't know what to do with product
marketers, etc. Like, you need a
kick-ass product marketer,
and they need to be able to iterate very
quickly. Now, the good news is that AI
really helps. In the old days, what
would a good product marketer do? They'd
listen to four calls, they'd be like,
"Oh that's not working. We need to
adjust the messaging and the rest of
it." And they create a deck and they put
it in seismic and no one would look at
it. That's great. Um, but what is AI
really good at? AI is very good at
listening to a thousand calls and
figuring out pretty quickly what's
resonating and what's not resonating.
More importantly, there are platforms on
the front end where you actually create
systems of truth given all your content.
What is your core ICP? Who are you
targeting? What's the value prop for all
the people such that when you execute at
speed? So, if you go use an AISDR, you
at least can inject it in there. Right?
The reason a lot of times the AISOs
don't work is you've automated a 22-y
old Lax bro, right? Because we marketing
for the old people in the room, email me
marketing used to sit in marketing where
they care about messaging. They became
about outreach and sales law that
allowed you to spam people who hadn't
opted in and they do it in less than 49
email segments so you don't violate camp
spam laws. But we gave messaging over.
You go to a company and be like, "Hey,
who writes your emails? Jack over here."
Who's Jack? Oh, Jack was second. He's
the cross captain, you know, at so and
so. Z like you know like that we and so
we're like oh outbound doesn't work it
doesn't work or calls don't work if you
don't have context
rethink your sales process
um I look I still believe deals are won
and lost at discovery but you got to get
to the product as quickly as possible
your products either do or don't have
their job consider the couple month out
process
I think the world of an AE and a
separate SE are gone. I mean unless like
you're selling at the infra level and
it's super technical like I can't
imagine an account executive who doesn't
fundamentally understand the product and
you know across your companies those
people your AES that do really well
understand the product and in this new
world where the product is the job to be
done if they can't talk to the product
and translate that pretty quickly
I think you're going to struggle um
really hard one companies are wrestling
through now what is a trial is
onboarding,
right? Are you activating? Who's doing
activation? When does activation occur?
And what I will say is we normally
there's two functions that we think
about in SAS companies that we've
underinvested in. We put cheap resources
in and that is what I would call an
enablement, right? Where we think we're
bad sales and mark people going to die,
but that's not true. If you run a good
enabling an org um and onboarding
onboarding, oh there's some junior
people they do onboarding, they click
the thing on, etc., etc., etc. In this
world where your product's value prop is
going to change 6 to 12 times a year,
onboarding reps and most onboarding
programs focus on the first like 90
days. Oh, do they understand our product
and our playbook and are they ramping?
But if your product is going to change
five to six sikkes from day 91 to 365
what then? So it's it's more ever
boarding. It's not waterboarding. It's
ever boarding. And then for the SAS sol
for the AI solutions I would say
onboarding is one of the most strategic
things to think through. Anybody here
use superhuman? Anybody?
Were you early one when Rahul onboarded
you? You're like what the hell? How's
this? Sounds like number I couldn't use
the product. Rahul the CEO had to
onboard me. He got on D. But I
understand why he did it because it was
a personal utility and I either sort of
groed it quickly or I was going to
churn. And what's very interesting the
agentic solutions you have to understand
is
at a user level this is a very personal
decision. They're looking at your
product as if they hired a dedicated
assistant who sat by their side, knew
everything about the company, was there
to help them, worked 24 by7, never went
on glass door and called them mean.
Right?
That's how they are going to think about
your software. So just like if you think
about your own journey or your spouse's
journey when you started using GPT and
then you're like oh and then you there
was a and then there was context you
could create projects and then it
remembered your voice and then when you
went to deep research you have these
like moments of like oh and that
same thing occurs from an onboarding
perspective. So one of my organizations
actually hired somebody from Apple who
was involved in their team. Like it's
funny when you get a new iPhone, it's
the same stupid phone with the battery
now lasts, right? But that box is pretty
cool, you know? Like you when you open
up that you're always like, "Oh, when I
open this box, there's this little
strip. It's the little magic fairy
dust." You need to think about
onboarding as a really important thing.
And now, by the way, what about
everboarding them? If your product's
going to charge seven to nine times a
year, how is the customer going to know
that? Don't tell me the CSM. It's not
You're like, "Good luck with that one.
So there's onboarding.
Stop thinking of support and
self-service as something different.
Thing I hate which is, oh, I've got this
great agentic solution, Brett. Okay.
Like if it's not working, there's a bug.
What do I do? I'll go over to this tab
over here. There's support and I've got
like some chatbot over here. What the
hell? It's the same user. Why can't I
just ask the agent I'm already talking
to? Why do I have to go over here? That
makes no sense, right? Like let's talk
about deployment implementation. If you
solve a given problem for a customer and
you've done discovery, you've captured
AI what their problems are. You
understand the schema
of your application?
Why can't it onboard itself? Why can't I
have an agent be like, "Okay, based on
this information, your company done.
Yep, that's correct. Correct. Okay, 80%
of configuration is done." Like that.
Don't say that to all my SI friends out
there, but AI is coming for the
multi-billion dollar SI or industry.
Customer help is not usage based. We're
always stunned. Oh, I had this churn. It
was such a surprise. Their usage was
super high.
But I don't know. Could be that they had
to use your product for three hours to
get value out of as opposed to like two
minutes. It's outcome based. Did they
ever achieve their outcome or they
didn't?
And
yeah, I hate account managers. Somewhere
the hunter farmer model I always said I
hate it. Companies deploy it turns into
an IBM sales pros where there's seven
people involved in a deal and they can't
figure out their magic number and the
rest of it.
No, no account managers. So
this is a great time to be a founder,
right? which is
you can actually deliver
an amazing product that actually
delivers a lot of value to customers
which has not been true for 30 years. It
just hasn't.
You can make people's you can make them
much more successful at their job and
you can automate a lot of the low-level
grunt work so humans can do what they're
generally good at higher level work. Um
you know uh you h but you have to
rethink how you run your company and
speed and iteration
and you need to think about
how are you going to run this business
when you're innovating 12 times a